# A101F

#### English Project Topic (4 mark)

Why do people go vegan?

The benfit

1. health, 
    1. lower your cholesterol or blood pressure, reduce your risk of cancers (Source material 3), and gastrointestinal disorders (Source material 2)
    2. Animals are susceptible to the growing environment, causing meat to be potentially risky to humans, eg. woman contemplating getting pregnant, you most definitely should not eat fish (Source material 3)
    3. Planned vegetarian diet can fill the nutrition (Source material 1 2), Vegetarianism, when properly managed, can be a healthy way to eat.
    
2. moral, people will feel repugnant (Source material 3)
    1. According (Source material 3), The value of life will be despised/depreciated when people mass slaughter animals
    2. people will feel repugnant if people really know the way of raise meat and poultry is very cruel
    3. Of example Chickens inject hormones to accelerate growth.

3. Environmental,  sustainable development
    1. Mass slaughter leads to the extinction of many animals, such as shark. this will reduce biodiversity and destroy ecological flatness.
    2. For example, In order fulfill the need of beef, People need to develop tropical rain forests to raise cow. Some news point out world have 1.5 billion cows, cows snoring and farting will emit greenhouse gases (methane), 13% of greenhouse gases are produced annually by the cow.
    3. 

-------


## Who Benefits from the Money in College Football? 
誰在高校足球的金錢利益？

### INTRODUCTION

##### Background Informationinto the thesis
Anyone who follows Division 1-A college football cannot fail to notice the money that pours into every aspect of the sport-the lavish stadiums, corporate sponsorships, televised games, and long post-season bowl series.

##### Thesis statement
The influx of money may seem to benefit the players, but in reality the institutions that promote college football, not the players, have gotten rich. 

###### Outline your key points

1. colleges and universities,
2. conferences,
3. and television networks

### BODY

#### colleges and universities (key points 1)
##### Topic sentence
Colleges and universities are major players in the for-profit football industry. 

###### Supporting Ideas

* attracts players and donors
* great facilities can  attract more fans to sell more ticket 

> A vibrant football program attracts not only skilled coaches and talented players but also wealthy, sports-minded donors who give money for state-of-the art stadiums and facilities. These great facilities in turn attract fans, some of whom are willing to pay high ticket prices to watch games in luxurious sky boxes and thus generate more profits for the schools' athletic departments

#### conferences (key points 2)
##### Topic sentence

The athletic conferences to which the schools belong-such as the Big Ten, the Atlantic Coast Conference, and the PAC-10-reap financial 2 rewards from college football. 

Each athletic conference maintains a Web site to post schedules and scores, sell tickets and merchandise, and promote interest in its teams.


###### Supporting Ideas

* ?
* ?

However, the proceeds from ticket and merchandise sales surely pale in comparison to the money generated by the annual Bowl Championship Series-the three-week-long post-season football extravaganza. Each game is not only televised but also carries the name of a corporate sponsor that pays for the privilege of having its name attached to a bowl game.


#### television networks (key points 3)
##### Topic sentence

Like the schools and athletic conferences, the television networks profit from football.

###### Supporting Ideas

* sell advertising  slot
* profiles of boys

Networks sell advertising slots to the highest bidders for every televised game during the regular season and the Bowl Champi-onship Series, and they work to sustain fans' interest in football by culti-vating viewers on the Web. For instance, one network generates interest in up-and-coming high school players through Scout. Com, a Web site that posts profiles of boys being recruited by colleges and universities and that is supported, at least in part, through advertising and paid subscriptions.

#### CONCLUSION

##### Summarize/Review key points

- null

#####  Concluding thought
Many critics have pointed out the disparity between players' rewards and the profits made by the industry and have called for allowing players to receive compensation in one form or another. But so far the schools, conferences, and networks have ignored these calls for change and have perpetuated a system that benefits everyone except the players.
